MaskMaker| I have always been inspired by masks, and the idea of owning a mask shop, specifically like that of Uta from toky ghoul. So as I have learnt different techniques for manufacture I have used them to create various cosplays.
SnowFall| As part of my undergrad at the University of Nottingham I was tasked with procedurally creating 'snow' falling ontop of a tree using pure matlab pixle manipulation... Being an over-achiever I then decided that eveything would be procedurally genorated, have full collision for all the snow on 2 seperate layers and full custem snow faling physics noting wind direction, and powder dynamics.
AirMotor| During my undergrad in a group project my team and I created an air motor designed to run at 12 bar using mainly 3d printed SLS nylon 12 parts. This project was one of few sucsessful airmotor prototpes that year.
WindTurbine| My third year group project at the University of Nottingham was to design a novel wind turbine. My group and I desided to persue a novel virticle axis variable pitch system. Through this project we designed, manufactured, and tested the turbine, proving the mechanisms potential. Our group was awarded for best team working, and even underwent a patent application. Unfortunately due to the mechanisms similarity to helicopters cycloids we did not persue it.
VRChemistary| My masters thesis, can the definition of gamification be fliped from integrating game like elements into a learning environment, to integrating learning elements into a game. How well do humans retain information learn't in chaotic or distracting environment? this project aimed to get answers to these questions, and buld a foundation for futre work to follow on from. The idea was to create a chemistery classroom to teach players the fundimental information surrounding the alkali metals. letting them burn, blow up and destroy, safely, in VR, in the name of science...
RobotDexterity| I am now Working with ARIA as a PhD at the University of Bristol with the Bristol Robotics Laboritory. I am working to create alternative acutation methods and controll techniques for tendon driven robotic hands to help enable robotic democratisation. More on this will come as the project progresses...